,category,publish_date,article,content,author
0,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",RBI cancels licence of Maha-based Independence Co-operative Bank,"RBI has cancelled licence of Maharashtra-based Independence Co-operative Bank, citing inadequate capital. It will cease to carry on banking operations from the close of business on February 3. In the present situation, the bank won't be able to pay its depositors in full, RBI said. It added that the bank didn't comply with multiple sections of Banking Regulation Act, 1949. ",Shalini Ojha
1,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",This is an infrastructure and growth-focused Budget: Windmill Capital,"Capex outlay has been increased and private capital will be required to finance infrastructure projects, said Windmill Capital Pvt Ltd, a SEBI-registered research analyst - INH200007645 about Budget 2022. Enhancing viability with best practices, innovative financing, and balanced risk allocation will be facilitated to focus on growth, it added. WCPL creates baskets of stocks called smallcases.",Roshan Gupta
2,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Self-taught beautician to micro-entrepreneur, meet Asha: Urban Company","The latest episode of Urban Company Impact interviews Asha Thakur, a small-town woman, who believes women should always fly high. She talks about how she struggled for 7 years, learning the trade all by herself and working with different parlours, until she finally joined Urban Company as an independent salon professional and found the growth she was looking for.",Roshan Gupta
3,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Facebook parent Meta's $230-billion wipeout biggest in US market history,"Facebook's parent Meta's shares plunged 27% and Thursday's collapse wiped out $230 billion of the company's market value. It's the biggest collapse in market value for any US company but there's no certainty that the losses will hold, given the volatility, Bloomberg said. This comes after Facebook's daily active users fell for the first time in its 18-year history.",Pragya Swastik
4,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Facebook facing unprecedented level of competition: CEO after Meta's $251 bn wipeout,"At a virtual meeting, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg explained that the stock crashed due to weak revenue forecast in the current quarter and asked employees to focus on Facebook's short-video product. Zuckerberg reportedly said Facebook is facing an ""unprecedented level of competition"" due to video platforms like TikTok. Meta's stock collapse wiped out $251 billion in market value on Thursday. ",Kiran Khatri
5,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Facebook parent Meta's rating cut by JPMorgan for 1st time since its IPO ,"JPMorgan Chase analyst Doug Anmuth has downgraded his rating on Facebook parent Meta to ""neutral"" from ""overweight"" and lowered the share price target after the company's earnings report. The cut took place for the first time since the company went public in 2012, Bloomberg reported. On Thursday, Meta's shares tanked over 26%, erasing more than $251 billion in market value.",Kiran Khatri
6,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Ambani, Adani become richer than Zuckerberg after he loses $29 billion: Forbes","Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani and Adani Group Chairman Gautam Adani are now richer than Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, as per Forbes' real-time billionaires list. Zuckerberg's wealth fell by $29.7 billion to $84.8 billion as Facebook's parent company Meta's shares crashed 26% after a weak revenue forecast. Adani's fortune stood at $90.1 billion, while Ambani's fortune is $90 billion.",Pragya Swastik
7,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Mark Zuckerberg loses $31 bn in one of the biggest one-day drops in wealth ever,"Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg's wealth dropped by $31 billion in one of the biggest one-day drops in wealth ever, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. Zuckerberg's net worth is now estimated at $92 billion, down from $120.6 billion as of market close on Wednesday. This comes after Meta's fourth-quarter results fell short of analysts' expectations and the company's shares fell around 25%. 
",Pragya Swastik
8,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Why did Facebook's parent company Meta lose $200 billion in one day?,"Facebook parent Meta's shares fell over 20% early Thursday causing a $200-billion wipeout after Facebook reported a fall in daily active users for the first time in 18-year history. Facebook said it faces increased competition for users' time and shift of engagement from core News Feed to Reels. Facebook's Reality Labs, that's building 'metaverse', lost over $10 billion in 2021.",Pragya Swastik
9,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","If board thinks I shouldn't be MD, they can give me ₹4,000 crore: BharatPe's Ashneer","When asked whether he considered resigning amid BharatPe's governance review, Ashneer Grover told Moneycontrol, ""Why would I resign? I am the MD. I run the company."" ""If the board thinks I don't need to be the MD...Please put my ₹4,000 crore on the table and take the key from me,"" he added. Grover also accused the board of ""arm-twisting"" him.",Kiran Khatri
10,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Ashneer Grover seeks removal of CEO Suhail Sameer from BharatPe's board: Reports,"BharatPe Co-founder and MD Ashneer Grover, who's currently on leave, has reportedly sought to remove CEO Suhail Sameer as a director on the company's board. In a letter dated February 2, Grover stated that he's withdrawing his nomination for Sameer's appointment on the board, reports said. In an interview to Moneycontrol, Grover referred to Sameer as ""a puppet of investors"".",Kiran Khatri
11,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","₹4,355-cr PMC Bank scam accused arrested in Bihar while trying to flee country","Daljit Singh Bal, who was a director of PMC Bank when the ₹4,355-crore scam was unearthed in Maharashtra, has been arrested near Bihar-Nepal border, immigration officials said. He was held along with his wife and son and ""was planning to leave for Canada via Kathmandu"", AK Pankaj, DSP (immigration), said. In 2019, Mumbai Police issued a lookout circular against him. ",Kiran Khatri
12,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Crypto transactions done before April 2022 won't be tax-free: CBDT Chairman,"CBDT Chairman JB Mohapatra was quoted by ANI as saying, ""Crypto investors should know that the transactions done before April 2022 will not be tax-free."" He added, ""The taxability of the crypto-currency is certain for this financial year too."" Earlier, Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said the income tax return forms will have a separate column for crypto from next year.",Pragya Swastik
13,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Rakesh Jhunjhunwala-backed Akasa Air to offer stock options to attract staff ,"Billionaire Rakesh Jhunjhunwala-backed Akasa Air, which may start flying in late May, is planning to offer stock options to attract staff. The stock options will be ""far greater than most airlines in India and hopefully reminiscent of maybe some...tech startups"", CEO Vinay Dube said. However, stock options may not be given to air crew or regular pilots, BloombergQuint reported.",Kiran Khatri
14,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Woman banker in UK wins ₹21 cr in case after male employee paid more for same role,"A woman banker at BNP Paribas in London was awarded £2,081,449 (over ₹21 crore) by an employment judge after she complained of unequal pay. Stacey Macken, paid £120,000 annually, found out that a man hired with the same job title and responsibilities was being paid £160,000. She also said drunken male colleagues once left a witch's hat on her desk.",Pragya Swastik
15,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Emami Founders step down from executive roles to make way for next gen,Emami Founders RS Agarwal and RS Goenka have stepped down from their executive positions to transition the business to their next generation. The board appointed Goenka as Non-Executive Chairman while re-designating RS Agarwal as Chairman Emeritus. Agarwal's younger son Harsha V Agarwal and Goenka's eldest son Mohan Goenka have been in the FMCG business for over two decades.,Pragya Swastik
16,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Budget will sustain growth, has disappointed middle-class, startups: Pai","Former Infosys CFO TV Mohandas Pai said that the Union Budget 2022 carries forward the government's growth and development efforts but has been disappointing for startups and the middle-class. ""India can expect to be on high growth path for the next two-three years,"" said Pai and added that the middle-class and startups have not been given any tax relief.",Ashley Paul
17,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Musk protected by rights for his tweet on staff unionising: Lawyers,Tesla CEO Elon Musk's lawyers have argued in the US that he is protected by constitutional right to free speech in case of his 2018 tweet on his staff unionising. Judges had questioned whether Musk had threatened workers with the loss of stock options if they formed a union. The US NLRB had ordered for Musk to remove the tweet.,Aishwarya Awasthi
18,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Before Meta, which firms recorded biggest 1-day drops in US market history?","Facebook's parent Meta's shares lost over $251 billion in market value on Thursday in the biggest collapse for any US company. Before this, the record was held by Apple, which shed nearly $180 billion on September 3, 2020, as per Bloomberg. Microsoft had lost $178 billion on March 16, 2020 and Tesla lost $140 billion on November 9, 2021.",Kiran Khatri
19,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Nike sues StockX over sale of unauthorised NFTs of its sneakers,"Nike sued online reseller StockX in the US for selling unauthorised NFTs of its sneakers. The complaint said StockX has sold over 500 Nike-branded NFTs. StockX allegedly told buyers they would be able to redeem the tokens for physical versions of the shoes in future. Nike has complained about the NFTs' ""inflated prices and murky terms of purchase and ownership"".",Aishwarya Awasthi
20,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",No property tax for flats with 500 sq ft carpet area in Mumbai: BMC,"Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Thursday announced that flats in Mumbai with 500 square feet of carpet area have been granted 100% relief from property tax. ""About 16,14,000 citizens will get 100% property tax relief. The amount of exemption to citizens is to the tune of ₹462 crore per annum,"" BMC Commissioner Iqbal Singh Chahal said in his budget speech.",Ashley Paul
21,business,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Manyavar owner gets ₹945 crore from anchor investors ahead of IPO,"Ethnic wear brand Manyavar owner Vedant Fashions mobilised ₹945 crore from 75 anchor investors ahead of its IPO, which opened for subscription on Friday. The company has allotted over one crore equity shares to anchor investors at its upper price band. Vedant Fashions has fixed the price band at ₹824-₹866 per share and is raising ₹3,150 crore through its IPO. ",Subhangi Singh
22,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",MRF to challenge CCI's ₹622 crore cartelisation charge,"MRF Ltd said it will challenge Competition Commission of India's (CCI) order imposing a ₹622.09 crore penalty on the company for ""indulging in cartelisation"". MRF said that the order ""is not based on a proper appreciation of facts and law"". A ₹1,788.06 crore penalty was imposed on MRF, Apollo Tyres, CEAT, JK Tyre and Birla Tyres by CCI on Wednesday.",Ashley Paul
23,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",LIC's embedded value could be set at over ₹5 trillion: Govt official,"The embedded value of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) could be more than ₹5 trillion, Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) Secretary Tuhin Kanta Pandey told Reuters. ""I would say...the enterprise value will be multiples of [the embedded value],"" Pandey said. He added that the government plans to issue a draft red herring prospectus to investors early next week.",Ashley Paul
24,business,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Banks urge SC to allow Amazon, Reliance to bid for Future Retail","The 27 lenders to Future Group urged the Supreme Court to allow Amazon and Reliance to bid for Future Retail's assets to facilitate recovery of ₹17,000 crore. Senior Advocate Rakesh Dwivedi, the banks' representative, said banks have begun classifying Future Retail as a non-performing asset. He added that bidding is the only ""sure shot"" method of recovering the money.",Ashley Paul
0,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","DD Sports to not live telecast opening, closing ceremonies of Beijing Winter Olympics","Prasar Bharati's CEO Shashi Shekhar Vempati tweeted, ""DD Sports channel will not telecast live the opening and closing ceremonies of the Winter Olympics being held in Beijing."" Earlier, the MEA announced the Indian envoy will not attend these ceremonies in Beijing. This comes after China chose a PLA soldier involved in the Galwan Valley clash as torchbearer in the Olympics.
",Pragya Swastik
1,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Indian envoy to boycott Beijing Olympics ceremony as China makes Galwan soldier torchbearer,"After China made a PLA soldier who sustained injuries during Galwan Valley clash torchbearer in the Winter Olympics being held in Beijing, Ministry of External Affairs said that the Indian envoy wouldn't attend its opening or closing ceremony. ""Regrettable that China has chosen to politicise the Olympics,"" MEA Spokesperson Arindam Bagchi added.",Arshiya Chopra
2,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Footballer dies after collapsing on pitch due to cardiac arrest in Greece,"A Greek footballer died after collapsing on the pitch due to a cardiac arrest during a game. Alexandros Lampis, 21, could not be revived by club staff as there was no defibrillator and the ambulance did not arrive for 20 minutes, reports said. ""Our Aleko, our friend, our brother, you left so unjustly,"" his team said on its website. ",Ankush Verma
3,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Sachin congratulates Neeraj Chopra for 2022 Laureus Sports Awards nomination,"Sachin Tendulkar took to Twitter to congratulate India's Olympic gold medal-winning javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra on being nominated for 2022 Laureus World Breakthrough of the Year Award. Sachin wrote, ""My heartiest congratulations to you, Neeraj for your continued success representing India on the world stage. A #Laureus22 nomination is another great achievement...with many more to come!""",Anmol Sharma
4,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Kohli virtually interacts with India U-19 cricketers ahead of U-19 WC final, pics surface","Former Team India captain Virat Kohli virtually interacted with India Under-19 cricketers ahead of their Under-19 World Cup final against England on Saturday. ""Learnt some important things about life and cricket...which will help us in getting better in upcoming times,"" Rajvardhan Hangargekar wrote on Instagram Stories. ""Some valuable tips from the GOAT before the final,"" wrote Kaushal Tambe.",Anmol Sharma
5,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Pakistan fast bowler Hasnain's action found illegal, banned from bowling",Pakistan fast bowler Mohammad Hasnain has been banned from bowling after being found to have an illegal action by the ICC. Hasnain had undergone tests in Lahore in late January after he was reported while playing Big Bash League in Australia. Hasnain can now only resume bowling in international cricket once he clears his reassessment.,Anmol Sharma
6,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Fan wears jerseys of 7 countries at the same time in stands at PSL 2022, video goes viral","A video went viral showing a fan wearing jerseys of seven countries at the same time in the stands during a PSL 2022 match. ""Best moment of PSL for me,"" a fan commented on Twitter. ""Cricket is not just a game...It's an emotion,"" wrote another. The fan was captured on camera during a match between Multan Sultans and Islamabad United.",Anmol Sharma
7,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",This auction I am going to just sit back and say 'Oh yes': Mayank Agarwal,"Mayank Agarwal, who was retained by Punjab Kings for ₹12 crore ahead of the IPL mega auction, said, ""This auction I am going to just sit back and say, 'Oh yes'."" He added, ""I am going to be a lot more relaxed than probably a few other people but, you know, I am really excited for the auction.""",Anmol Sharma
8,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Dhawan shares pic after testing COVID-19 positive, says 'I am doing fine'","Team India opener Shikhar Dhawan took to Instagram to share a picture of himself after testing positive for COVID-19 ahead of the ODI series against West Indies, which will begin on February 6. ""Thank you everyone for your wishes...I'm doing fine and humbled by all the love that's come my way,"" he wrote.",Anmol Sharma
9,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",I am like a kid who wants to play under MS Dhoni: Deepak Hooda on IPL mega auction,"On being asked if he has any preferred team in IPL ahead of mega auction, batter Deepak Hooda said, ""There is no team as such...I just want to play."" He added, ""My personal favourite team is CSK. I'm like a kid who wants to play under MS Dhoni."" Hooda stated, ""I am Dhoni's die-hard fan...I like his leadership as well.""",Anmol Sharma
10,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Why were Yuvraj, Sehwag, Gambhir & I treated like use and throw: Harbhajan on BCCI","Ex-India off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, in a recent interview, criticised BCCI, alleging that senior players of 2011 World Cup-winning squad weren't treated right. ""Were 31-year-old Harbhajan, 30-year-old Yuvraj, 32-year-old Sehwag, 29-year-old Gambhir not good enough to play in 2015 WC?"" he asked. He added, ""Why were they removed from the team one by one...why were they treated like use and throw?""",Anmol Sharma
11,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Vettori told me 'Run towards Kohli not batters after taking wicket': Chahal on RCB days,"Recalling the time when he joined RCB, Yuzvendra Chahal revealed he used to celebrate taking wickets by running aggressively towards batters. He added the then RCB head coach Daniel Vettori was summoned by match referee multiple times due to his celebrations. ""Vettori then told me, 'Run towards the covers to Virat Kohli and say whatever you want to',"" Chahal added.",Anmol Sharma
12,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Sadio Mane helps Senegal beat Burkina Faso 3-1 to reach AFCON final,"Liverpool’s Sadio Mane on Wednesday scored Senegal’s third goal as they beat Burkina Faso 3-1 to seal their place in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) final. All four goals came in the last 20 minutes of the game. “We were calm and we took our opportunities and I think we deserved this victory,” Mane said.",Veer Badani
13,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Man City, Liverpool or Real Madrid will get Haaland: Ruud Gullit","Former Dutch footballer Ruud Gullit said he believes only Manchester City, Liverpool and Real Madrid are in the running to sign Norwegian striker Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. “City would be good for him because of Pep Guardiola. But Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool would also be great,” Gullit said. “In Spain, only Real Madrid is an option,” he added.",Veer Badani
14,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Sachin's technique was unbelievable, so much to learn from him: Labuschagne","Responding to a query on Twitter about his opinion on Sachin Tendulkar, Australia batter Marnus Labuschagne said his technique was ""unbelievable"", adding that there is ""so much"" to learn from how Sachin played cricket. Discussing the teams he loves watching in IPL, Labuschagne named RCB, CSK and MI. Labuschagne termed Rohit Sharma as a ""good player"".",Arnab Mukherji 
15,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Enjoy playing under Rohit who is a really good captain: Harshal Patel,"Sharing his experience while playing under the captaincy of Rohit Sharma, Harshal Patel said he enjoys playing under Rohit, who is a ""really good"" captain. ""I don't like a lot of outside input and he fits in that personality as a captain. Rohit is very relaxed and gives you...freedom,"" added Harshal. Rohit is currently India's white-ball captain.",Arnab Mukherji 
16,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","All IPL teams will target Shami, Warner won't get more than ₹4 crore: Hogg","Sharing his opinion on the IPL mega auction, Brad Hogg said Mohammad Shami will be aggressively targeted by every IPL team, adding that David Warner won't get more than ₹4 crore. ""I wouldn't be surprised if Shami...[fetches a bid of] ₹5 crore,"" stated Hogg. ""Ravichandran Ashwin...did not pick up...wickets [last season], but still a very valuable player,"" said Hogg.",Arnab Mukherji 
17,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",They need tough love: Vaughan backs Langer to become England head coach,"After Chris Silverwood ""left"" his role as England head coach, Michael Vaughan backed Australia head coach Justin Langer as Silverwood's replacement, adding that the England Test team ""needs some tough love"". ""Joe Root needs a forceful coach next to him. If you want one person to come in with a huge point to prove, then it is Langer,"" stated Vaughan.",Arnab Mukherji 
18,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Medvedev withdraws from Rotterdam Open, Murray gets wildcard entry","World number two Daniil Medvedev on Thursday withdrew from the Rotterdam Open, with former world number one Andy Murray given a wildcard entry. Medvedev cited fatigue as the reason for his withdrawal, after losing in five sets to Rafael Nadal in the Australian Open final in Melbourne last week. The Rotterdam Open will take place from February 7 to 13.",Veer Badani
19,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","India’s Bopanna, Ramkumar reach Tata Open doubles semi-finals in Pune","India’s Rohan Bopanna and Ramkumar Ramanathan on Thursday reached the semi-finals of the ATP 250 Tata Open Maharashtra in Pune after beating Alexander Erler and Jiri Vesely 7-6(7-3), 7-6(7-4) in the quarter-finals. The Indian pair will face Sadio Doumbia and Fabien Reboul next. Yuki Bhambri suffered a 3-6, 2-6 defeat to the eight-seed Stefano Travaglia in the singles second round.",Veer Badani
20,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","I am a genuine all-rounder, always had talent as a batter: Shardul","Shardul Thakur said he considers himself as a ""genuine"" all-rounder, adding that he always had talent as a batter, but didn't get the ""opportunity"" to bat a lot, particularly in the Ranji Trophy. ""Whatever talent I had, I just applied it. Whenever I'm batting in the nets, I visualise possible match situations,"" stated Shardul.",Arnab Mukherji 
21,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",US beat Honduras 3-0 in -16 °C temperature in World Cup qualifier,"The US beat Honduras 3-0 on Wednesday in their World Cup qualifier in frigid conditions, with the temperature at kickoff being -16 °C. The match was played in Minnesota, with a crowd of 19,202 being announced during the game. “It was freezing out here. I’m looking forward to getting into the locker room,” Chelsea’s Christian Pulisic said. ",Veer Badani
22,sports,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Federer, Nadal set to team up again at Laver Cup in September","Laver Cup organisers on Thursday confirmed Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal will play together for Team Europe as they look to win a fifth consecutive Laver Cup victory against Team World. Nadal and Federer played one doubles match together in 2017. “Roger has been a huge part of my career, a big rival and also a true friend,” Nadal said.",Veer Badani
23,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Real Madrid knocked out of Copa del Rey after last min winner by Bilbao,"Real Madrid were knocked out of the Copa del Rey, after a winner in the 89th minute by Athletic Bilbao resulting in a 0-1 defeat for Real Madrid, in the quarter-finals of the tournament. Bilbao had earlier defeated Barcelona by a 3-2 margin in the Round of 16. ""They deserved the win,"" said Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti.",Arnab Mukherji 
24,sports,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Need players who can adapt to different conditions: Bharat on mega auction,"Sharing his opinion on the upcoming IPL mega auction, KKR's bowling coach and ex-India bowling coach Bharat Arun said one needs to pick players who can adapt to ""different conditions"". ""With the Indian [team], our goal was always to be number one. The biggest challenge was to have bowlers who could...get...20 wickets in all conditions,"" added Bharat.",Arnab Mukherji 
0,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Facebook parent Meta's $230-billion wipeout biggest in US market history,"Facebook's parent Meta's shares plunged 27% and Thursday's collapse wiped out $230 billion of the company's market value. It's the biggest collapse in market value for any US company but there's no certainty that the losses will hold, given the volatility, Bloomberg said. This comes after Facebook's daily active users fell for the first time in its 18-year history.",Pragya Swastik
1,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Only 2 persons submitted mobiles so far: SC panel probing Pegasus case,"A three-member panel constituted by the Supreme Court that is probing the use of Pegasus for alleged spying said that only two persons have produced their mobile phones for taking digital images. The panel extended the deadline to February 8 for the members of the public who had ""reasonable cause to suspect that their mobiles had been infected with Pegasus"".",Atul Mishra
2,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Why did Facebook's parent company Meta lose $200 billion in one day?,"Facebook parent Meta's shares fell over 20% early Thursday causing a $200-billion wipeout after Facebook reported a fall in daily active users for the first time in 18-year history. Facebook said it faces increased competition for users' time and shift of engagement from core News Feed to Reels. Facebook's Reality Labs, that's building 'metaverse', lost over $10 billion in 2021.",Pragya Swastik
3,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Bezos to dismantle 1927 Dutch bridge to let his $500-million superyacht pass: Report ,"The Netherlands' Rotterdam will reportedly dismantle its 'De Hef' bridge, built in 1927, to allow passage for a 127-metre-long superyacht that's being built in Alblasserdam for world's second richest person Jeff Bezos. The Amazon Founder and shipbuilder Oceanco will pay the costs incurred, local media said. The $500-million three-masted yacht will need to pass through Rotterdam to reach the ocean.",Kiran Khatri
4,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Facebook facing unprecedented level of competition: CEO after Meta's $251 bn wipeout,"At a virtual meeting, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg explained that the stock crashed due to weak revenue forecast in the current quarter and asked employees to focus on Facebook's short-video product. Zuckerberg reportedly said Facebook is facing an ""unprecedented level of competition"" due to video platforms like TikTok. Meta's stock collapse wiped out $251 billion in market value on Thursday. ",Kiran Khatri
5,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Melinda not to give majority of wealth to Gates Foundation: WSJ,"Melinda French Gates, Co-founder of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, will no longer be pledging the majority of her wealth to the philanthropic organisation, the Wall Street Journal reported. She will instead distribute much of her fortune across other philanthropies. Microsoft Co-founder Bill Gates and Melinda had earlier pledged to give the bulk of their fortune to the foundation.
",Aishwarya Awasthi
6,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Facebook's daily active users fall for first time in 18-year history,"Facebook has seen its daily active users (DAUs) fall for the first time in its 18-year history. Facebook's parent company Meta said DAUs fell to 1.929 billion in the three months to the end of December, compared to 1.930 billion in the previous quarter. Meta's shares fell over 20% in after-hours trading, wiping $200 billion off the company's market value.",Pragya Swastik
7,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Crows trained to pick up cigarette butts in Sweden using startup's machine,Crows are being trained to pick up discarded cigarette butts from the streets in a Swedish city under a pilot scheme using a machine developed by the startup Corvid Cleaning. Crows receive some food for every cigarette butt they deposit in the machine. A video by the startup shows the crows being rewarded with peanuts for picking up training sticks.,Pragya Swastik
8,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Ambani, Adani become richer than Zuckerberg after he loses $29 billion: Forbes","Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani and Adani Group Chairman Gautam Adani are now richer than Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, as per Forbes' real-time billionaires list. Zuckerberg's wealth fell by $29.7 billion to $84.8 billion as Facebook's parent company Meta's shares crashed 26% after a weak revenue forecast. Adani's fortune stood at $90.1 billion, while Ambani's fortune is $90 billion.",Pragya Swastik
9,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Facebook parent Meta's rating cut by JPMorgan for 1st time since its IPO ,"JPMorgan Chase analyst Doug Anmuth has downgraded his rating on Facebook parent Meta to ""neutral"" from ""overweight"" and lowered the share price target after the company's earnings report. The cut took place for the first time since the company went public in 2012, Bloomberg reported. On Thursday, Meta's shares tanked over 26%, erasing more than $251 billion in market value.",Kiran Khatri
10,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Mark Zuckerberg loses $31 bn in one of the biggest one-day drops in wealth ever,"Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg's wealth dropped by $31 billion in one of the biggest one-day drops in wealth ever, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. Zuckerberg's net worth is now estimated at $92 billion, down from $120.6 billion as of market close on Wednesday. This comes after Meta's fourth-quarter results fell short of analysts' expectations and the company's shares fell around 25%. 
",Pragya Swastik
11,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Tesla co-worker used N-word, threw a hot tool at me: Black, gay ex-worker in lawsuit","A former Tesla worker has filed a lawsuit against the company for failing to address racial, homophobic behaviour directed towards her by a co-worker. The co-worker struck Kaylen Barker with a hot grinding tool while calling her the ""N-word"" and a ""b***h"", the suit alleged. Barker said she was ""violated physically, mentally, and emotionally"" because she's an ""African-American lesbian"".",Kiran Khatri
12,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Musk protected by rights for his tweet on staff unionising: Lawyers,Tesla CEO Elon Musk's lawyers have argued in the US that he is protected by constitutional right to free speech in case of his 2018 tweet on his staff unionising. Judges had questioned whether Musk had threatened workers with the loss of stock options if they formed a union. The US NLRB had ordered for Musk to remove the tweet.,Aishwarya Awasthi
13,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Scientists develop insect-sized flying robots with flapping wings,"A University of Bristol team has developed self-driving, insect-sized flying robots with flapping wings. Scientists have demonstrated a direct-drive artificial muscle system, called the Liquid-amplified Zipping Actuator (LAZA), that achieves wing motion using no rotating parts or gears. They also demonstrated how the LAZA can deliver consistent flapping over more than one million cycles.",Aishwarya Awasthi
14,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",2 Google Ethical AI team members leave to join ousted colleague,"Two members of Google's Ethical AI group have announced their departures from the company to join Timnit Gebru, who was earlier fired for criticising firm. Senior researcher Alex Hanna, and software engineer Dylan Baker, will join Gebru's nonprofit research institute, DAIR. ""Google's toxic problems are no mystery to anyone who's been there for more than a few months,"" Hanna said.",Aishwarya Awasthi
15,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Amazon reports 9% rise in revenue at $137 bn in Q4,"Amazon has reported an increase of 9% in its revenue to $137.4 billion in the fourth quarter, compared with $125.6 billion in fourth quarter of 2020. Its net income increased to $14.3 billion compared with $7.2 billion in the year-ago period. For the entire 2021, the e-commerce firm's net income increased to $33.4 billion.",Aishwarya Awasthi
16,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Tesla recalls over 8,17,000 vehicles in US over seat belt reminder alert","Tesla is recalling over 8,17,000 vehicles in the US because an audible alert may not function when a vehicle starts and the driver has not buckled the seat belt, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said. It said Tesla's 2021-2022 Model S and Model X, 2017-2022 Model 3 and 2020-2022 Model Y do not comply with Occupant Crash Protection standards.",Ashley Paul
17,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Tesla users' complaints of false braking under US govt review,"The US NHTSA is reviewing Tesla owners' complaints around their vehicles activating the brakes unnecessarily. Earlier, a report had said complaints of phantom braking with the NHTSA had risen to 107 in the past three months, compared to 34 in the preceding 22 months. According to Tesla, false braking increases ""the risk of a rear-end collision from a following vehicle"".",Aishwarya Awasthi
18,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",IISc B'luru commissions one of India's most powerful supercomputers,"Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru on Thursday said that it's installed and commissioned one of India's most powerful supercomputers, 'Param Pravega', under the National Supercomputing Mission. The system has a total supercomputing capacity of 3.3 petaflops (1 petaflop equals a quadrillion operations/second). It's also the largest supercomputer in an academic institution in the country.",Medhaa Gupta
19,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Before Meta, which firms recorded biggest 1-day drops in US market history?","Facebook's parent Meta's shares lost over $251 billion in market value on Thursday in the biggest collapse for any US company. Before this, the record was held by Apple, which shed nearly $180 billion on September 3, 2020, as per Bloomberg. Microsoft had lost $178 billion on March 16, 2020 and Tesla lost $140 billion on November 9, 2021.",Kiran Khatri
20,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",iPhone flaw exploited by second Israeli firm besides NSO: Report,"The flaw in Apple's software which Israeli surveillance firm NSO Group exploited to break into iPhones in 2021 was simultaneously abused by a competing company QuaDream, Reuters reported citing sources. An NSO spokeswoman said the company ""did not cooperate"" with QuaDream. Both the firms have reportedly used very similar software exploits, known as ForcedEntry, since last year.",Aishwarya Awasthi
21,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Snapchat-parent reports its 1st-ever quarterly net profit since IPO,"Snapchat-parent Snap has reported its first-ever quarterly net profit of $22.5 million since its IPO, compared with a net loss of $113 million in the prior-year quarter. Its revenue for the December-quarter was $1.3 billion, an increase of 42% from the prior-year quarter. Snapchat's daily active users rose 20% year-over-year to 319 million.
",Aishwarya Awasthi
22,technology,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Nike sues StockX over sale of unauthorised NFTs of its sneakers,"Nike sued online reseller StockX in the US for selling unauthorised NFTs of its sneakers. The complaint said StockX has sold over 500 Nike-branded NFTs. StockX allegedly told buyers they would be able to redeem the tokens for physical versions of the shoes in future. Nike has complained about the NFTs' ""inflated prices and murky terms of purchase and ownership"".",Aishwarya Awasthi
23,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","TCS to expand operations in New Jersey, add 1,000 employees by 2023","Tata Consultancy Services will expand operations in New Jersey by hiring about 1,000 additional employees by 2023 to meet growing needs of customers to digitally transform their businesses, it said. It'll also grow the reach of its STEM and computer science education programs in New Jersey by 25%, the company added. Currently, TCS has over 3,700 employees in New Jersey.",Subhangi Singh
24,technology,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Lawsuit over Apple's iPhone water resistance claims dismissed in US,"A US judge on Wednesday dismissed a lawsuit against Apple alleging it misled users about how resistant its iPhones are to water exposure. The plaintiffs claimed Apple's ""misleading"" misrepresentations let it charge twice as much for iPhones than the cost of ""average smartphones"". The judge said the plaintiffs did not show their iPhones were damaged by ""liquid contact"".",Aishwarya Awasthi
0,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Influencer who once faked his own death falls from third-floor balcony in Argentina,"Social media influencer Yao Cabrera, who once faked his own death, reportedly fell from a third-floor balcony in Argentina on Monday. Cabrera was hospitalised after the incident and is now at his home, according to his story on Instagram. ""Tell them that I am a bit afraid about what happened...I want to be with my family,"" he wrote.",Ankush Verma
1,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Sunil Grover, who had a heart attack, discharged from hospital after 4 bypass surgeries","Actor-comedian Sunil Grover was recently admitted to Mumbai's Asian Heart Institute after he suffered a heart attack. On Thursday, the 44-year-old was discharged from the hospital. His angiogram showed ""blockages in all 3 major heart (coronary) arteries with 100% block in 2 arteries and 70-90% block in third artery"" and he was also COVID-19 positive, a statement said. ",Daisy Mowke
2,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Kangana scolds journalist for asking question on Deepika, says 'Sit down'","During the press conference for the launch of 'Lock Upp', Kangana Ranaut was asked about the controversy involving Deepika Padukone wherein an influencer commented on ""tiny clothes"" worn during 'Gehraiyaan' promotions. ""I'm here to defend those who can't defend themselves...She can defend herself. She has the privilege, the platform and I can't promote her film here. Sit down,"" Kangana replied.",Daisy Mowke
3,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Madhubala's sister kicked out of NZ home by daughter-in-law, put on Mumbai flight","Late actress Madhubala's 96-year-old sister Kaniz Balsara was thrown out of her New Zealand house by her daughter-in-law Sameena and put on a flight to Mumbai without any money, days after her son's death. Kaniz's daughter Perveez said her mother didn't even have money for the RT-PCR test at Mumbai airport. Perveez added that Sameena mistreated Kaniz for several years.",Anmol Sharma
4,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Farhan Akhtar, Shibani Dandekar to get married on Feb 21, confirms Javed Akhtar","Actor-filmmaker Farhan Akhtar and actress-TV host Shibani Dandekar will get married on February 21, Farhan's father Javed Akhtar has confirmed. Javed stated that the wedding will not be on a large scale owing to the pandemic, adding that it will be a very simple affair. Farhan and Shibani have reportedly been dating for over four years.",Anmol Sharma
5,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Sonu Sood announced as 'Roadies' host as Rannvijay quits after 18 years,"Actor Sonu Sood has been announced as the new host of youth-based reality show 'Roadies' after Rannvijay Singha quit after 18 years. ""[Roadies'] journey emphasises on the importance of mental and emotional endurance along with physical strength, which is what drew me towards hosting the show,"" Sonu said. The new season of the show will be shot in South Africa.",Anmol Sharma
6,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","John Abraham reduces his acting fees for Sajid Khan's next, charges ₹18 crore: Reports","Actor John Abraham reduced his acting fees for Sajid Khan's upcoming comedy by ₹3 crore to ₹18 crore, reports said. This comes after 'Mumbai Saga' and 'Satyameva Jayate 2' suffered losses, reports added. ""While the producers were keen to bring him down to  ₹15 crore, they finally zeroed in on ₹18 crore,"" Bollywood Hungama reported quoting a source as saying.",Anmol Sharma
7,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","20-year-old actress Avneet Kaur buys Range Rover worth over ₹80 lakh, shares pics","Actress Avneet Kaur took to Instagram to share that she has bought a Range Rover worth over ₹80 lakh. ""This is my year of dreams coming true...#bucketlist #anotherone #blessed,"" the 20-year-old wrote while sharing pictures. ""Proud of you girl!!"" singer Neha Kakkar commented on her post. Avneet will make her Bollywood debut opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui in 'Tiku Weds Sheru'.",Daisy Mowke
8,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Karishma Tanna shares pics with businessman Varun Bangera from their Haldi ceremony,"Pictures from TV actress Karishma Tanna and businessman Varun Bangera's Haldi ceremony have been shared online by the actress. She will reportedly tie the knot with Bangera on February 5. ""Happiness galore, the smile says it all,"" Karishma wrote while sharing a post. She also shared a video on Instagram Story and wrote, ""Celebrations begin.""",Daisy Mowke
9,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Raj Kundra transfers Mumbai flats worth ₹38.5 crore to Shilpa Shetty: Report,"Businessman Raj Kundra transferred his Mumbai flats worth ₹38.5 crore to his actress-wife Shilpa Shetty, Moneycontrol reported citing documents accessed by Zapkey.com. He transferred the first floor with five flats located in Kinara, the bungalow where the couple resides, in Shilpa's name. The actress paid a stamp duty of ₹1.9 crore on the transfer deed registered on January 21, 2022.",Pragya Swastik
10,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Riteish Deshmukh, Genelia to star in comedy film 'Mister Mummy'","Riteish Deshmukh and his actress-wife Genelia Deshmukh are teaming up for a comedy-drama film, titled 'Mister Mummy'. It'll be directed by Shaad Ali and produced by Bhushan Kumar's T-Series. Sharing the posters of the film on Twitter, Genelia wrote, ""A twisted laughter ride and story like never seen before...Get ready to laugh your heart out and till your stomach hurts."" ",Udit Gupta
11,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Why do we presume that you'll die if you get cancer: Mahesh,"Actor-filmmaker Mahesh Manjrekar has stated, ""Why do we presume that [you will die] once you get cancer and lose all hope?"" He further said he treated his own cancer like any other disease. ""After I got the news, I wasn't scared at all. I decided that I will face it...Getting scared is not going to take me anywhere,"" Mahesh added.",Kriti Kambiri
12,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Told Deepika won't click pic with you, I'll do film with you: Dhairya","Actor Dhairya Karwa revealed that he went to Deepika Padukone at '83' wrap-up party and said, ""I'm not going to click pictures with you...I'm going to do a film with you."" He added that 'Gehraiyaan' hadn't been discussed at the time. ""When I met her for ['Gehraiyaan'], she was surprised that we indeed were doing a film together,"" Dhairya said.",Kriti Kambiri
13,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","Brotherhood created with Tom, Tobey over difficulty to pee: Andrew","Actor Andrew Garfield revealed that a brotherhood was created with actors Tom Holland and Tobey Maguire over the difficulty to pee wearing the Spider-Man suit. ""We were like, 'Oh my God, you find it hard to pee in the suit? I find it hard to pee in the suit!'"" Andrew added. The actors appeared together in 'Spider-Man: No Way Home'.",Kriti Kambiri
14,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",I don't care about all that: Jim Sarbh on social media admiration,"Actor Jim Sarbh, on being asked about craving people's attention or admiration on social media, said that he doesn't care about all of that, adding, ""Should I?"" The actor further said, ""I just like acting, that's where my interest and my thoughts lie."" Jim also revealed that they are currently filming the second season of web series 'Made In Heaven'.",Kriti Kambiri
15,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Waheeda Rehman stood barefoot in temple set at minus 4 degrees: Rakeysh,"Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra recalled shooting for 'Delhi-6' in Rajasthan at minus 4 degrees. ""We'd constructed a [temple] set...Suddenly I noticed...Waheedaji (Rehman) was standing bare feet [in]...temple,"" he said. ""I asked her why she wasn't wearing anything on feet...She replied, 'We're in...temple, aren't we?' I said, 'It's just set.' She said, 'But in my heart, it's still a temple',"" he added.",Udit Gupta
16,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Kangana has been a very supportive & endearing producer: Nawazuddin,"Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who has wrapped up Kangana Ranaut's first production venture 'Tiku Weds Sheru', said that she has been a ""very supportive, creative and endearing producer"". He also praised his co-stars and said they inspired him and pushed him to give his best in the film. Nawazuddin will be seen sharing screen space with Avneet Kaur in 'Tiku Weds Sheru'. ",Udit Gupta
17,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday","'Bunty Aur Babli 2' numbers disappointing, but I'm proud: Sharvari","Actress Sharvari Wagh, who made her debut in 'Bunty Aur Babli 2', has said that the film's numbers were highly disappointing but she is still very proud of her first film. ""You try your best to do whatever you can but after Friday, it's in the hands of the people. There is nothing you can do about it,"" Sharvari added.",Kriti Kambiri
18,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",Priyanka to star opposite Anthony Mackie in actioner Ending Things,"Actress Priyanka Chopra will be starring opposite Hollywood actor Anthony Mackie, who is known for portraying Falcon in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, in the upcoming film 'Ending Things'. The film is touted to be an action-comedy about a hitwoman who wants to be out of the killing business and tells her partner that she's ending their personal relationship as well.",Kriti Kambiri
19,entertainment,"03 Feb 2022,Thursday",I don't work thinking I'm so many films old: Deepika on 15yrs in B'wood,"Actress Deepika Padukone, who made her Bollywood debut in 2007 film 'Om Shanti Om', has said that she doesn't walk on the set thinking she is ""so many films old"" or ""I know better than all of you"". ""My approach is what I can learn from...these new people,"" she said. Deepika added that every new film is a new experience.",Kriti Kambiri
20,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Ajay Devgn's first look from Alia-starrer 'Gangubai Kathiawadi' out,"Ajay Devgn has shared the first look of his character from 'Gangubai Kathiawadi' on his social media handles. He'll reportedly essay the role of don Karim Lala in the film, which also stars Alia Bhatt. Ajay has reunited with 'Gangubai Kathiawadi' director Sanjay Leela Bhansali after two decades. Their previous collaboration was the 1999 film 'Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam'.",Udit Gupta
21,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",Rejected H'wood projects where Indians weren't portrayed in positive light: Nitu,"Nitu Chandra, who made her Hollywood debut with 'Never Back Down: Revolt', revealed that she turned down Hollywood offers ""where Indians weren't represented in a very positive light"". She said she doesn't want to do anything that ""maligns our identity"". ""I want three billion global Indians to be proud of me,"" said Nitu, who has bagged two more Hollywood projects.  ",Udit Gupta
22,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday","Emraan shares son's pic on his b'day, says 'Like father, like son'","Actor Emraan Hashmi took to Twitter on Thursday to wish his son, Ayaan Hashmi, on his birthday. Sharing a picture of Ayaan with his mother Parveen, Emraan wrote, ""Like father, like son. Happy birthday big boy."" Reacting to his post, a user wrote, ""Hahaha. Hilarious caption,"" while another user wrote, ""This made me laugh."" ",Udit Gupta
23,entertainment,"04 Feb 2022,Friday",'365 Days' star Michele to make Indian debut with 'Mud Mud Ke' music video,"Italian actor Michele Morrone, who starred in the film '365 Days', is set to make his debut in the Indian entertainment industry alongside Jacqueline Fernandez with the music video 'Mud Mud Ke'. Michele shared his first look from the video on Instagram, writing, ""India, here I come!"" The first teaser of the music video will be released on February 8.  ",Udit Gupta
